## Feature Proposal

To think of a new feature, I think firstly we should classify our customers. For a customer who wants to sell the house immediately, then he/she cares about the speed of transaction, the legitimate completeness of contract, and the convenience of online user experience. In this case, I think currently Amne probably does well, for it's characteristic is selling home in the simplest way and sending an offer within 24 hours, and you should keep on improving tiny details to consolidate the core competitiveness. Even a tiny feature can earn huge trust from customers, for example, offering verified legal paperwork culsultation, just like the Leika authorizes verification for phone lens, will make it trustworthy for customers. Another example maybe using high-accuracy third-party API for image processing and computer vision, to shorten the progress of typing by applying pattern recognition on images. Also, thinking about the essence of budget airline, which is to seperate the services, and customers can choose to solve problems by themselves to save money. While guaranteeing the quality of one-stop service, I think you can also offer options for the customers to figure something by themselves, like offering partner home repair teams or renovation teams and asking customers to finish renovation by themselves, then offering higher price.

Apart from that, what I'm thinking about is the potential to attract customers who are not so hurried to sell, or have not realized the value of their house. For some people, housing transaction is an investigation, and these customers care about the potential of appreciation. In this case, we can build prediction model integrating public infrastructure, policy, ecnomic factors to predict the trend of housing price, which probably will attract potential new customers. Also, the pricing of a house should be self-adaptive to the selling market and through detailed segmentation. For example, if the population of children who are just about to go to school grows in the recent months, and one of the house is nearby a good one, then the weight of education requirements should raise and the pricing goes up. In a word, the metrics of pricing should be segmented meticulously, which requires big data analysis and high volumn data processing.